[IMP] Inventory: updating second person and images, add clarity (#3787)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/usage.rst

for each additional package to be used, and specify the amount of the product to go in the specific
package. Once all the products for each line has been entered, click :guilabel:`Confirm`. Repeat
this for all products on the delivery order.

.. image:: usage/packages-detailed-14-15.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Detailed operations where the amount of product going in a pack can be specified.

The done quantity on the delivery order will be updated to show the products selected in the various
packages. When the done amount matches the demand amount, click :guilabel:`Put In Pack`, then
:guilabel:`Validate` the delivery order. Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button will show
the packages used in the delivery order.

.. image:: usage/packages-14-15-out.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Put in pack once the done amount matches the demand.

Packagings
==========

*Packaging* is product specific, and refers to a disposable container that holds several units of a
specific product. Unlike packages, packagings cannot be reusable, and each specific packaging must
be defined on the individual product form. For example, different packages for cans of soda can be

> configured as a 6-pack, a 12-pack, or a case of 36. Each flavor of soda would need a 6, 12, and 36

Author: Sure- I didn't even think about that- great catch

==========================================
Units of measure, packages, and packagings
==========================================

In Odoo, there are a variety of ways to specify the amount of products being bought, stocked, and
sold. Units of measure, packages, and packagings are all available to streamline inventory flows,
allowing for a variety of configurations for products as they enter and leave the warehouse.

Units of measure
================

*Units of measure* refers to different measurable quantities used to handle products, such as units,
weight, time, size, etc. For example, different units of measure for weight can be kilos, pounds,
ounces, grams, etc. In Odoo, stock is easily managed and products are more efficiently purchased

> from suppliers by specifying different units of measure for both purchasing and selling.

Reviewer: Hmm, following up from convo earlier KC— now that I'm reading it not sure it looks right.
I would do this:
```
*Units of Measure (UoM)* refers to different measurable quantities used to handle products, such as
units, weight, time, size, etc. For example, different :abbr:`UoMs` (Units of Measure) for weight
can be kilos, pounds, ounces, grams, etc.

In Odoo, stock is easily managed, and products are more efficiently purchased from suppliers, by
specifying different :abbr:`UoMs` (Units of Measure) for both purchasing and selling.
```

.. image:: usage/rope-14.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify unit of measure for selling a product vs purchasing.

Once a product has a :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` and a :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set on the product
form, Odoo will automatically convert the different units in the product's purchase/sales orders and
the orders' respective delivery orders/receipts. The only condition is that all of the units have to
be in the *same category* (Unit, Weight, Volume, Length, etc.). For example, a product can have its
:guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to `feet (ft)` and its :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to
`centimeters (cm)`. When a :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is created for that product, it will list the
quantity in centimeters. Then, when the :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically
generates a receipt and converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt will list the quantity in

> feet.

Reviewer 2: @ksc-odoo, thanks again for such an in-depth review!

To better understand our team's documentation practices, I wanted to understand your reasoning for choosing to italicize **units of measure** and a **Purchase UoM**, as opposed to setting them as guilabels?

> feet.

Reviewer: > Once a product has a _units of measure_ and a _Purchase UoM_ set on the product form, Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's purchase/sales orders and the orders' respective delivery orders/receipts.
> 
> The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the _same category_ (Unit, Weight, Volume, Length, etc.).
> 
> For example, a product can have its :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to `feet (ft)` and its :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to `centimeters (cm)`. When a :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is created for that product, it will list the quantity in centimeters.
> 
> Then, when the :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically generates a receipt, and converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt will list the quantity in feet.

Slight adjustments
```

Once a product has default :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)` and Purchase UoM values set on the product
form, Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's purchase/sales orders and
the orders' respective delivery orders/receipts.

The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the same category such as unit, weight,
volume, length, etc.

For example, a product can have its :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to feet (ft) and its
:guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to centimeters (cm). When a :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` is created for
that product, it will list the quantity in centimeters.

Then, when the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically generates a receipt, and
converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt will list the quantity in feet.

```

> feet.

Reviewer 2: > _NOTE_ - would it be beneficial to the doc to briefly explain how a user can set a Unit of Measure and Purchase UoM on the product form?
> Also, perhaps an ".. example::" tag could be utilized here. Maybe even consider adding a screenshot to supplement the example being explained...

@ksc-odoo 
This is the change I've added based on your suggestion!

```
.. example::
   The product, `Rope` has its :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to feet (ft) and its
   :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to centimeters (cm). When creating a :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`
   for rope, the Purchase UoM, centimeters, appears on the form to measure the quantity of rope the
   company buys from the vendor.

   .. image:: usage/purchase-rope-in-cm.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Purchase order for rope in cm

   Then, when the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically generates a receipt
   and converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt lists the quantity in feet.

   .. image:: usage/receive-rope-in-ft.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Warehouse reception of rope in ft
```

can packaging configured on the individual product since packagings are product specific, not
generic.

Create different packaging for a product
----------------------------------------

To use packagings, ensure :guilabel:`Product Packagings` is enabled under :menuselection:`Inventory
--> Configuration --> Settings --> Products`. In Odoo, product packagings are used on sales/purchase
orders and inventory transfers.

To create packagings, click :guilabel:`Edit` on the product page. In the inventory tab, click
:guilabel:`Add a line`. Enter the information for each packaging, specifying the name, type of
packaging, and the amount in each pack, then click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: usage/grape-soda-14.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Packaging specified on the product page form inventory tab.

View all packagings
-------------------

To view all packagings that have been created, go to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration -->
Product Packagings`, and a list will appear with all packagings created for all products. In this
example, there are two different kinds of sodas with three types of packagings configured for each.

> New packagings can be created from this report by clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

Reviewer 3: To view all packagings that have been created, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Product Packagings`. Doing so reveals a separate page with a complete list of all packagings that have been created for all products. 

In this example, there are two different kinds of sodas, with three types of packagings configured for each.
New packagings can be created from this :guilabel:`Product Packagings` page, by clicking the :guilabel:`Create` button in the upper-left corner.

.. image:: usage/packagings-14.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of different packagings for products.

When creating a sales order, specify the packagings that should be used for the product. In this

> example, 18 cans of soda will be picked and/or packed using three 6-pack packagings.

Reviewer 3: When creating a sales order in the :guilabel:`Sales` application, specify the packagings that should be used for a product(s).

In this example, 18 cans of soda will picked and/or packed using three 6-pack packagings.

==========================================
Units of measure, packages, and packagings
==========================================

In Odoo, there are a variety of ways to specify the amount of products being bought, stocked, and
sold. *Units of measure*, *packages*, and *packagings* are all available to streamline inventory
flows, allowing for a variety of configurations for products as they enter and leave the warehouse.

Units of measure
================

*Units of measure (UoM)* refers to different measurable quantities used to handle products, such as

> units, weight, time, size, etc. For example, different :abbr:`UoMs` (Units of Measure) for weight

Reviewer 2: *screeching* Thanks for catching that LOL :joy:

can be kilos, pounds, ounces, grams, etc.

In Odoo, stock is easily managed and products are more efficiently purchased
from suppliers by specifying different *units of measure* for both purchasing and selling.

.. image:: usage/rope-14.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify unit of measure for selling a product vs purchasing.

Once a product has a default :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)` and Purchase UoM set on the product form,
Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's purchase/sales orders and the
orders' respective delivery orders/receipts.

The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the *same category* (unit, weight, volume,
length, etc.).

.. example::
   The product, `Rope` has its :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to feet (ft) and its
   :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to centimeters (cm). When creating a :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`

>    for rope, the Purchase UoM, centimeters, appears on the form to measure the quantity of rope the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   for the product, the Purchase UoM, centimeters, appears on the form to measure the quantity of rope the
```

>    for the product, the Purchase :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)`, centimeters, appears on the form to

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about using a guilabel here, because `Rope` only shows up in our UI since it's our example. That's why I surrounded it in backticks.

>    for the product, the Purchase :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)`, centimeters, appears on the form to

Reviewer 4: Is the "Rope" product being actively inputted in the RFQ by the user in this example? Or is the product already displayed as a line on the RFQ? If the product is being inputted, then using the backticks does make sense within the example 🙂

   measure the quantity of rope the company buys from the vendor.

   .. image:: usage/purchase-rope-in-cm.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Purchase order for rope in cm

   Then, when the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically generates a receipt

>    and converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt lists the quantity in feet.

Reviewer 2: Made the changes! 
```suggestion
Then, when the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically generates a receipt
 and converts the 10 centimeters to 16.4 feet. On the receipt, the quantity in feet is listed
 under the :guilabel:`Demand` column. Lastly, once the product is received, the quantity in
 :guilabel:`Done` matches the :guilabel:`Demand` column.```

a reusable or disposable (shipping) box, and are **not** specific to a product.

Reusable boxes temporarily hold products as they are picked, before being brought to either a
packing or shipping area. Disposable boxes are the actual shipping containers (cardboard boxes,
envelopes, shipping bags, etc.) that will be used to ship the products out to customers.

When a sales order that contains multiple items is ready for delivery, the quantities can be
separated into different packages to accommodate the products. For example, a sales order that has
20 boxes of pencils and 4 boxes of erasers can be separated into two separate packages, each
containing 10 boxes of pencils and 2 boxes of erasers.

.. note::
   The products do *not* have to be divided equally. Products can be divided into as many packages
   that are needed to accommodate the sales order.

In Odoo, the quantity of products in each package needs to be recorded, so there is a full history
for each product, including which package each item is shipped out in.

To use this method, ensure the :guilabel:`Packages` option is enabled, by navigating to

> :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`. Check the box beside

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`. Check the box beside
```

:guilabel:`Packages`, and click :guilabel:`Save` to activate the feature.

On a delivery order, assign which package to use by clicking on the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations`

> icon (represented by 4 horizontal lines) on the right of each product in the :guilabel:`Operations`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
icon (represented by 4 horizontal lines) to the right of each product in the :guilabel:`Operations`
```

.. image:: usage/detailed-operations-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Find detailed operations icon to the right on the product line

Clicking the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon of a product reveals a pop-up window. In this
window, the :guilabel:`Product` name, :guilabel:`Demand`, and :guilabel:`Quantity Done` are clearly
displayed above the customizable product line.

Here, the warehouse location the product is coming from can be modified, in addition to the
:guilabel:`Source Package` and :guilabel:`Destination Package`, which represents what package(s) the
product(s) will go into.

Add a line for each additional package to be used, by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`. Entering the

> desired amount in the :guilabel:`Done` field specifies the amount of the product to go into the
> :guilabel:`Destination Package`.

Reviewer 2: Replaced the sentence!
```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to include each additional used. Enter the desired amount in the
:guilabel:`Done` field to specify the amount of products to package in the :guilabel:`Destination
Package`.
```

Use multiple packages in a single delivery
------------------------------------------

Although a delivery order is typically associated with a single package, orders can also be split
using the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` window. To package 10 boxes of pencils with 2 boxes of
erasers, select the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon to the right of `Box of Pencils`.

> The resulting window is used to detail how the 20 products `Box of Pencils`, are to be packaged.

Reviewer 4: My comment here was referring to the product `Box of Pencils` being displayed on the delivery order form, but after our offline discussion I agree with formatting here 🙂

> erasers, select the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon to the right of `Box of Pencils`.
> 
> The resulting window is used to detail how the 20 products `Box of Pencils`, are to be packaged.

Reviewer 2: I adjusted it to have a more general first paragraph and include the examples inside the admonition block
```suggestion
Although a delivery order is typically associated with a single package, orders can also be split by
clicking the :guilabel:`( ≣ ) Detailed Operations` icon. It is found to the right of the products
on a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`. Clicking the icon opens a the :guilabel:`Detailed
Operations` window-- which contains an editable table where products intended for a particular
package is specified.

.. example::
   To package 10 boxes of pencils with 2 boxes of erasers from the same :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`,
   select the :guilabel:`( ≣ ) Detailed Operations` icon to the right of `Box of Pencils`. This
   opens a window that is used to detail how the 20 products, `Box of Pencils`, are to be packaged.

```

   Fill in `10` under the :guilabel:`Done` field to package 10 products into the
   :guilabel:`Destination Package`. Start typing under this field and select the :guilabel:`Create`
   button to create a new package, `PACK0000006`. Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to assign the
   remaining products in another package, `PACK0000007`.

   .. image:: usage/packages-detailed-14-15.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Detailed operations where the amount of product going in a pack can be specified.

   Select :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` on the product line for `Box of Erasers` and similarly
   set 2 :guilabel:`Done` products to `PACK0000006` and `PACK0000007` each.

   .. image:: usage/packages-14-15-out.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Put in pack once the done amount matches the demand.

   Once all the products for each line have been entered, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to return to the

>    :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)`.

Reviewer 2: @ksc-odoo Hi KC!
This is the new section I added that I wanted your suggestions on. I thought to put this section in an example admonition block because I spoke to an inventory expert from support, and they mentioned that assigning multiple packages in a delivery order isn't really a common flow. But I still wanted to show readers how to use detailed operations so I threw it into a giant "example" admonition block.

Is the block too long? Otherwise, we can just take it out. Thanks again, KC!

Reviewer 3: I totally see what you're saying. Really great addition to the doc, by the way. I get why you think it *might* be too long for an "Example" block, but I think it could work.

Have you considered making this a sub-section of Packages? You could title it something like "Multiple packages in a delivery order"... and speak in more general terms and add this as an example...? Not sure , though. Completely your call - but I do think it's valuable information that belongs in the doc. Nicely done!

Reviewer 3: Also, it may be worth considering using the written "one" (or "single") instead of "1" for instances like *"...a single delivery order is associated with a single package..."*  - but that's more of an opinion - not a requirement. Just something to think about...

The :guilabel:`Done` quantity on the delivery order updates to show the products selected in the
various packages. When the :guilabel:`Done` amount matches the :guilabel:`Demand` amount, click the
:guilabel:`Put In Pack` button in the bottom-left of the delivery order form. And finally, click the
:guilabel:`Validate` button to validate the delivery order.

.. tip::

>    The :guilabel:`Put In Pack` is a handy button intended to quickly package all products in the
>    :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)` into 1 new package. Rename the package or modify its contents in the
>    :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   The :guilabel:`Put In Pack` button is intended to quickly package all products in the
   :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)` into 1 new package. The option to rename the package, or modify its contents, are 
   available in the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

```

Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button in the upper-right of the delivery order reveals
a separate page, showing all the packages used in that delivery order.

Packagings
==========

*Packaging* is product specific, and refers to a disposable container that holds several units of a
specific product. Unlike packages, packagings cannot be reusable, and each specific packaging must
be defined on the individual product form.

For example, different packages for cans of soda can be configured as a 6-pack, a 12-pack, or a case

> of 36. Each flavor of soda would need a 6, 12, and 36 can packaging configured on the individual

Reviewer 4: I think it would be beneficial to use the pre formatting here for the example configuration
```suggestion
of 36. Each flavor of soda would need a `6`, `12`, and `36` can packaging configured on the individual
```

product since packagings are product specific, not generic.

Create different packaging for a product
----------------------------------------

To use packagings, ensure the :guilabel:`Product Packagings` feature is enabled. To do that,

> navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Settings --> Products section`. Then,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings --> Products section`. Then,
```

check the box next to :guilabel:`Product Packagings`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

In Odoo, product packagings are used on sales/purchase orders and inventory transfers.

Next, to create packagings, navigate to the desired product page (:menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products --> Click on desired product`), and click :guilabel:`Edit` on the product
page.

Under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Packaging` section, and click
:guilabel:`Add a line`. Then, a pop-up window appears, in which the following information for each
packaging should be entered.

- :guilabel:`Packaging`: Name of packaging that appears on sales/purchase orders as a packaging
  option for the product.
- :guilabel:`Contained quantity`: Amount of product in the packaging.

> - :guilabel:`Barcode`: identifier used with the :guilabel:`Barcode` app to trace the packaging

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Barcode`: identifier used with the *Barcode* app to trace the packaging
```

  during stock moves or pickings. Leave blank if not in use.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Indicates the packaging is only available at the selected company. Leave
  blank to make the packaging available across all companies.

.. example::
   Create a packaging type for 6 cans of the product, `Grape Soda`, by naming the
   :guilabel:`Packaging` to 6-pack and setting the :guilabel:`Contained quantity` to 6 in the pop-up

>    window that appears after clicking on :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Reviewer 4: My comment here was referring to the product `Grape Soda` being displayed on the form, but after our offline discussion I agree with formatting here 🙂

   .. image:: usage/create-product-packages.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Creating 6 pack case for product

> When all the necessary information has been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
> the packaging and return to the product detail form, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the packaging
> and create another one in a fresh pop-up window. The image below displays all the product packagings
> in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form.
> 
> .. image:: usage/grape-soda-14.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Packaging specified on the product page form inventory tab.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for pointing it out! Fixed to have more general statements and descriptions about the UI to taken out of the example admonition block:

```suggestion
When all the necessary information has been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
the packaging and return to the product detail form, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the packaging
and create another one in a fresh pop-up window.

.. example::
   View all the product packagings in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form.

    .. image:: usage/grape-soda-14.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Packaging specified on the product page form inventory tab.
```

View all packagings
-------------------

To view all packagings that have been created, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Product Packagings`. Doing so reveals a separate page with a complete list of all packagings
that have been created for all products.

> In this example, there are two different kinds of sodas with three types of packagings configured

Reviewer 4: This is a suggestion based on how numbers were written previously throughout the doc - not a hard rule 🙂

Then, check the box next to :guilabel:`Product Packagings`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

In Odoo, product packagings are used on sales/purchase orders and inventory transfers.

Next, to create packagings, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products` and
click on the desired product, then click :guilabel:`Edit` on the product page.

Under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Packaging` section, and click
:guilabel:`Add a line`. Then, a pop-up window appears, in which the following information for each
packaging should be entered.

- :guilabel:`Packaging`: Name of packaging that appears on sales/purchase orders as a packaging
  option for the product.
- :guilabel:`Contained quantity`: Amount of product in the packaging.
- :guilabel:`Barcode`: Identifier used with the *Barcode* app to trace the packaging
  of a product during stock moves or pickings. Leave blank if not in use.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Indicates the packaging is only available at the selected company. Leave
  blank to make the packaging available across all companies.

.. example::
   Create a packaging type for 6 cans of the product, `Grape Soda`, by naming the

>    :guilabel:`Packaging` to `6-pack` and setting the :guilabel:`Contained quantity` to `6` in the pop-up
>    window that appears after clicking on :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Reviewer 4: Line over 100th characters
```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Packaging` to `6-pack` and setting the :guilabel:`Contained quantity` to `6` in the
   pop-up window that appears after clicking on :guilabel:`Add a line`.
```

Units of measure
================

*Units of measure (UoM)* refers to different measurable quantities used to handle products, such as
units, weight, time, size, etc. Different :abbr:`UoMs (Units of Measure)` for weight can be kilos,
pounds, ounces, grams, etc.

In Odoo, stock is easily managed and products are more efficiently purchased from suppliers by
specifying different :abbr:`UoM (Units of Measure)` for both purchasing and selling.

.. image:: usage/uom-on-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify unit of measure for selling a product vs purchasing.

Once a product has a default :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` and :guilabel:`Purchase Unit of Measure`
set on the product form, Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's
purchase/sales orders and the orders' respective delivery orders/receipts.

The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the *same category* (unit, weight, volume,
length, etc.).

.. example::
   The product, `Rope` has its :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to feet (:guilabel:`ft`) and
   its :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to centimeters (:guilabel:`cm`). When creating a :abbr:`PO

>    (Purchase Order)` for the product, the :abbr:`Purchase UoM (Unit of Measure)`, centimeters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (Purchase Order)` for the product, the :guilabel:`Purchase UoM (Unit of Measure)`, centimeters
```

>    (:guilabel:`cm`), appears on the form to measure the quantity of rope the company buys from the

Reviewer 4: I think the formatting here would be best as a :guilabel: rather than an abbreviation, as I [suggested previously](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/3787#discussion_r1204148416), but I'm happy to keep it this way if it make sense! 🙂

Reviewer 2: oh!!! Thanks for bringing this up again! I meant to change it to guilabel, but my eye missed it.

>    (:guilabel:`cm`), appears on the form to measure the quantity of rope the company buys from the

Reviewer 2: I'm suddenly confused again on why we're putting a guilabel on cm, ft in parantheses. Here's the UI:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/e78bf7e1-feac-4452-b757-85a322a4ac9a)

Since we're not putting a guilabel on Rope or 16.4, I'm confused again :sweat_smile:

Reviewer: yea these are the values of inputs (not headings, labels, etc.) so they'd receive single back ticks, not guis

Reviewer 4: I see - I misunderstood. My point of thinking was I thought these units were selections from the **Unit of Measure** field on the product form, and not a literal input of text "ft".

Reviewer 2: Thanks for reminding me, Sam (: You made a good point about checking exactly what the UI displays, so I rewrote the section to match quantities that appears on the product form and PO.
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/cbce739c-81c7-4994-9b0b-0936c1b8f7ba)

```suggestion
   On the product form for `Rope`, the following fields are set as:

   - :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` in `ft` (feet), and
   - :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` in `cm` (centimeters).

   Because the vendor sells rope in `cm`, the purchase :guilabel:`UoM ` is used to represent the
   quantity on the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`.
```
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/56ebabe7-a34c-41c5-a2c4-c42c1d0b667a)

   remaining products in another package, `PACK0000007`.

   .. image:: usage/add-destination-package.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Detailed operations pop-up where the amount of product going in a pack can be specified.

   Select :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` on the product line for `Box of Erasers` and similarly set
   2 :guilabel:`Done` products to `PACK0000006` and `PACK0000007` each.

   .. image:: usage/put-in-pack-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Put in pack button to match the done amount matches the demand.

Once all the products for each line have been entered, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to return to the
:abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)`.

The :guilabel:`Done` quantity on the delivery order updates as products are selected for each
package. When the :guilabel:`Done` amount matches the :guilabel:`Demand` amount, click the
:guilabel:`Validate` button to complete the delivery order.

.. tip::
   The :guilabel:`Put In Pack` button is intended to quickly package all products in the :abbr:`DO
   (Delivery Order)` into one new package. The option to rename the package, or modify its contents,
   are available in the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

> Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button in the upper-right of the delivery order reveals
> a separate page, showing all the packages used in that delivery order.

Reviewer 4: Early line break :)
```suggestion
Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button in the upper-right of the delivery order reveals a
separate page, showing all the packages used in that delivery order.
```

*Units of measure (UoM)* refers to different measurable quantities used to handle products, such as
units, weight, time, or size. Different :abbr:`UoMs (Units of Measure)` for weight can be kilos,
pounds, ounces, grams, etc.

In Odoo, stock management and purchasing from suppliers are streamlined by specifying different
:abbr:`UoM (Units of Measure)` for both buying and selling products.

.. image:: usage/uom-on-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify unit of measure for selling a product vs purchasing.

Once a product has a default :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` and :guilabel:`Purchase Unit of Measure`
set on the product form, Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's
purchase/sales orders and the corresponding delivery orders/receipts.

The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the *same category* (unit, weight, volume,
length, etc.).

.. example::
   On the product form for `Rope`, the following fields are set as:

   - :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` in `ft` (feet), and
   - :guilabel:`Purchase Unit of Measure` in `cm` (centimeters).

   Because the vendor sells rope in `cm`, the purchase :guilabel:`UoM ` is used to represent the

>    quantity on the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`.

Reviewer 2: If a reader can't load the screenshot here, then this sentence is difficult to interpret.
I therefore think it's worth spelling this out, since images are only meant to be supplemental.

To use this method, ensure the :guilabel:`Packages` option is enabled, by navigating to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings --> Operations`. Click the
:guilabel:`Packages` check box, and then :guilabel:`Save` to activate the feature.

On a :abbr:`(Delivery Order)`, assign which package to use by clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed
Operations)` icon to the right of each product in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab.

.. image:: usage/detailed-operations-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Find detailed operations icon to the right on the product line.

Clicking the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon of a product reveals a pop-up window. In this
window, the :guilabel:`Product` name, :guilabel:`Demand`, and :guilabel:`Quantity Done` are clearly
displayed above the customizable product line.

Here, the warehouse location the product is coming from can be modified, in addition to the
:guilabel:`Source Package` and :guilabel:`Destination Package`, which represents what package(s) the
product(s) will be packaged into.

Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to include each additional package used. Enter the desired amount in

> the :guilabel:`Done` field to specify the amount of products go into the :guilabel:`Destination
> Package`.

Reviewer: grammar/wording
```suggestion
the :guilabel:`Done` field to specify the amount of products that will go into the
:guilabel:`Destination Package`.
```

Multiple packages in a single delivery
--------------------------------------

Although a :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)` is typically associated with a single package, orders can be
split by clicking the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon next to the products on a :abbr:`SO
(Sales Order)` line. This opens the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` window with an editable table to
specify which products are intended for which package.

.. example::
   To package 10 boxes of pencils with 2 boxes of erasers from the same :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`,

>    select the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon to the right of `Box of Pencils`. This opens

Reviewer 2: Rewrite this section as 
`To package 10 boxes of pencils with 2 boxes of erasers from the same :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`,
   begin by navigating to the :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)`. Then, select the :guilabel:`≣ (four
   horizontal lines)` icon to the right of the product, `Box of Pencils`. Clicking the icon opens
   the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` window that is used to detail how products, like the 20 `Box
   of Pencils`, are packaged.
   `

   a window that is used to detail how products, like the 20 `Box of Pencils`, are packaged.

   Fill in `10` under the :guilabel:`Done` field to package 10 products into the

>    :guilabel:`Destination Package`. Start typing under this field and select the :guilabel:`Create`

Reviewer: "this" field.
which field?
is this a new order line?

Reviewer: Btw I understand how this works since I'm familiar with Odoo, however, for new users, it might be worth spelling this example out more by removing "this/that" language and specifying where we are, what's happening, or what's about to happen (guis can help here, e.g. name of pop-up window, column name for a field, etc).

Reviewer 2: Rewrote to
`Type in `10` under the :guilabel:`Done` field to package 10 products into the
   :guilabel:`Destination Package`. To specify the destination package, type the name of an existing
   package (such as `PACK0000006`) under the field, :guilabel:`Destination Package`. If the package
   does not exist, Odoo displays the :guilabel:`Create` button to create a new package. Click
   :guilabel:`Add a line` to assign the remaining products in another package, `PACK0000007`.
`

   remaining products in another package, `PACK0000007`.

   .. image:: usage/add-destination-package.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Detailed operations pop-up where the amount of product going in a pack can be specified.

   Select :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` on the product line for `Box of Erasers` and similarly set
   2 :guilabel:`Done` products to `PACK0000006` and `PACK0000007` each.

   .. image:: usage/put-in-pack-button.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Put in pack button to match the done amount matches the demand.

Once all the products for each line have been entered, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to return to the
:abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)`.

The :guilabel:`Done` quantity on the :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)` updates as products are selected
for each package. When the :guilabel:`Done` amount matches the :guilabel:`Demand` amount, click the
:guilabel:`Validate` button to complete the delivery order.

.. tip::
   The :guilabel:`Put In Pack` button is intended to quickly package all products in the :abbr:`DO
   (Delivery Order)` into one new package. The option to rename the package, or modify its contents,

>    are available in the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.

Reviewer: grammar (option is singular, not plural)
```suggestion
   is available in the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` pop-up.
```

> Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button in the upper-right of the delivery order reveals a

Reviewer: upper-right is a compound modifier to a noun (and is not a noun itself).
```suggestion
Clicking on the :guilabel:`Packages` smart button in the upper-right corner of the delivery order reveals a
```

navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`. Then, under the
:guilabel:`Products` heading, check the box next to :guilabel:`Product Packagings`, and click
:guilabel:`Save`.

In Odoo, product packagings are used on sales/purchase orders and inventory transfers.

Next, to create packagings, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Products` and
click on the desired product, then click :guilabel:`Edit` on the product page.

Under the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab, scroll down to the :guilabel:`Packaging` section, and click
:guilabel:`Add a line`. Then, a pop-up window appears, in which the following information for each
packaging should be entered.

- :guilabel:`Packaging`: Name of packaging that appears on sales/purchase orders as a packaging
  option for the product.
- :guilabel:`Contained quantity`: Amount of product in the packaging.
- :guilabel:`Barcode`: Identifier used with the *Barcode* app to trace the packaging of a product
  during stock moves or pickings. Leave blank if not in use.
- :guilabel:`Company`: Indicates the packaging is only available at the selected company. Leave

>   blank to make the packaging available across all companies.

Reviewer: Optional.
This is correct according to some style guides, however I am generally prefer Chicago-style for lists, which does not capitalize the first word after a colon.
Up to you though 😉

Reviewer: *Barcode* on line 181 might be a good opportunity to link to the Barcode product page or Barcode documentation.

.. example::
   Create a packaging type for 6 cans of the product, `Grape Soda`, by naming the
   :guilabel:`Packaging` to `6-pack` and setting the :guilabel:`Contained quantity` to `6` in the

>    pop-up window that appears after clicking on :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Reviewer: Where are we exactly?

   .. image:: usage/create-product-packages.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create 6-pack case for product.

When all the necessary information has been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
the packaging and return to the product detail form, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the packaging
and create another one in a fresh pop-up window.

.. example::
   View all product packagings in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form.

   .. image:: usage/display-product-packaging.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show packaging and contained quantities, specified on the product page form in the
            Inventory tab.

View all packagings
-------------------

To view all packagings that have been created, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration

> --> Product Packagings`. Doing so reveals a separate page with a complete list of all packagings

Reviewer: does this "separate page" have a name?
Also, is it a page, or a _dashboard_?
it's better to be specific on things like this...

that have been created for all products. On this page, create new packagings by clicking
:guilabel:`Create`.

.. example::
   Packagings for 2 different kinds of sodas is displayed on the :guilabel:`Product Packagings`

>    page. Each soda type is configured with three types of packagings.

Reviewer: write this out
don't rely on the screenshot to communicate the example

   .. image:: usage/packagings.png
      :align: center
      :alt: List of different packagings for products.

Apply packagings
----------------

> Then, when creating a sales order in the :menuselection:`Sales` app, specify the packagings that

Reviewer: awkward transitory word at the beginning of new section
```suggestion
When creating a sales order in the :menuselection:`Sales` app, specify the packagings that
```

should be used for the product(s). The chosen packaging is displayed on the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)`
under the :guilabel:`Package` field.

.. example::
   18 cans of the product, `Grape Soda`, is packed using three 6-pack packagings.

   .. image:: usage/packagings-sales-order.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Assign packagings on the Sales Order Line.

.. tip::

>    Packaging can be used in conjunction with Odoo :ref:`Barcode <inventory/barcode/setup/software>`.

Reviewer: this ref is *technically* correct however we're trying to keep it a little simpler, as follows
`module/sub-section/description`.

In this case it could be any of these: 
- `inventory/barcode/software`
- `inventory/barcode/setup`
- `inventory/barcode/config`

In Odoo, stock management and purchasing from suppliers are streamlined by specifying different
:abbr:`UoMs (Units of Measure)` for both buying and selling products.

.. image:: usage/uom-on-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify unit of measure for selling a product vs purchasing.

Once a product has a default :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` and :guilabel:`Purchase Unit of Measure`
set on the product form, Odoo automatically converts the different units in the product's
purchase/sales orders and the corresponding delivery orders/receipts.

The only condition is that all of the units have to be in the *same category* (unit, weight, volume,
length, etc.).

.. example::
   On the product form for `Rope`, the following fields are set as:

   - :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` in `ft` (feet), and
   - :guilabel:`Purchase Unit of Measure` in `cm` (centimeters).

   Because the vendor sells rope in `cm`, the purchase :guilabel:`UoM` is used to represent the
   quantity on the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, which is also in centimeters.

   .. image:: usage/purchase-rope-in-cm.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Display purchase order for the product, rope, in centimeters.

> After confirming the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, the quantity of product (found under the
> :guilabel:`Demand` column) is converted from the purchase :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)` to the

Reviewer: would more clearly indicate that **Demand** column doesn't appear unless the PO is confirmed first...

```suggestion
After confirming the :abbr:`PO (Purchase Order)`, the quantity of product (found under the
now visible :guilabel:`Demand` column) is converted from the purchase :abbr:`UoM (Unit of Measure)` to the
```

:guilabel:`Unit of Measure`. Then, when the product is received by clicking the :guilabel:`Validate`
button, the quantity in :guilabel:`Done` is automatically adjusted to match the :guilabel:`Demand`
column.

.. example::

>    On the *receipt* for `Rope`, the quantities are automatically converted from `500 cm` to
>    `16.40 ft` to match the internal/stock :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` value.

Reviewer: again, being clear
```suggestion
   On the *receipt* for `Rope`, the quantities are automatically converted from `500 cm` that was requested on the purchase order, to
   `16.40 ft` to match the internal/stock :guilabel:`Unit of Measure` value.
```

   .. image:: usage/receive-rope-in-ft.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Rope quantity is converted from cm to ft during warehouse reception.

.. seealso::

>    :ref:`Unit of measure <inventory/management/products/units_of_measure>`

Reviewer: suggestion to use doc title since that's where it's pointing anyway
```suggestion
   :ref:`Use Different Units of Measure <inventory/management/products/units_of_measure>`
```

Packages
========

Packages are a physical container that holds one or several products from a picking, typically used
for outgoing deliveries or internal transfers. Packages can be a reusable or disposable (shipping)
box, and are **not** specific to a product.

Reusable boxes temporarily hold products during a picking to be brought to either a packing or
shipping area. Disposable boxes are the actual shipping containers (e.g. cardboard boxes, envelopes,
shipping bags, etc). These are used to ship the products out to customers.

Multiple items in a sales order (SO) can be separated into different packages to accommodate the

> products. For example, a :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that has 20 boxes of pencils and 4 boxes of

Reviewer: grammar
```suggestion
products. For example, an :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` that has 20 boxes of pencils and 4 boxes of
```

On a delivery order, assign which package to use by clicking on the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed
Operations)` icon to the right of each product in the :guilabel:`Operations` tab.

.. image:: usage/detailed-operations-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Find detailed operations icon to the right on the product line.

Clicking the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon of a product reveals a pop-up window. In this
window, the :guilabel:`Product` name, :guilabel:`Demand`, and :guilabel:`Quantity Done` are clearly
displayed above the customizable product line.

Here, the warehouse location the product is coming from can be modified, in addition to the
:guilabel:`Source Package` and :guilabel:`Destination Package`, which represents what package(s) the
product(s) will be packaged into.

Click :guilabel:`Add a line` to include each additional package used. Enter the desired amount in
the :guilabel:`Done` field to specify the amount of products that will go into the
:guilabel:`Destination Package`.

Multiple packages in a single delivery
--------------------------------------

Although a :abbr:`DO (Delivery Order)` is typically associated with a single package, orders can be

> split by clicking the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon next to the products on a :abbr:`SO

Reviewer: grammar (again)
double-check whole doc for this

yes, even though SO stands for "sales order" and starts with a consonant, it's _sound_ starts with a vowel, as in "Ess-Oh", versus DO which starts with a hard consonant sound (and would therefore use an "a" instead of an "an" beforehand)

```suggestion
split by clicking the :guilabel:`≣ (Detailed Operations)` icon next to the products on an :abbr:`SO
```

(Sales Order)` line. This opens the :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` window with an editable table to
specify which products are intended for which package.

> .. example::

Reviewer: Can continue to update this example later so it's more specific and sits in order of the instructions. I had to go back/forth a few times...

  blank to make the packaging available across all companies.

.. example::
   Create a packaging type for 6 cans of the product, `Grape Soda`, by naming the
   :guilabel:`Packaging` to `6-pack` and setting the :guilabel:`Contained quantity` to `6` in the
   pop-up window that appears after clicking on :guilabel:`Add a line`.

   .. image:: usage/create-product-packages.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Create 6-pack case for product.

When all the necessary information has been entered, either click :guilabel:`Save & Close` to save
the packaging and return to the product detail form, or :guilabel:`Save & New` to save the packaging
and create another one in a fresh pop-up window.

.. example::
   View all product packagings in the :guilabel:`Inventory` tab of the product form.

   .. image:: usage/display-product-packaging.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Show packaging and contained quantities, specified on the product page form in the
            Inventory tab.

View all packagings
-------------------

To view all packagings that have been created, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration

> --> Product Packagings`. Doing so reveals a separate page with a complete list of all packagings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--> Product Packagings`. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Product Packagings` page with a complete list of all packagings
```

be in the *same category* (Unit, Weight, Volume, Length, etc.). For example, a product can have its
:guilabel:`Unit of Measure` field set to `feet (ft)` and its :guilabel:`Purchase UoM` set to
`centimeters (cm)`. When a :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is created for that product, it will list the
quantity in centimeters. Then, when the :abbr:`PO (purchase order)` is confirmed, Odoo automatically
generates a receipt and converts the centimeters to feet. The receipt will list the quantity in
feet.

> .. seealso::

Reviewer 2: Moved this up here to guide readers to the Units of measure doc if they're unfamiliar.

Author: Also good!

--> Operations`.

On a delivery order, separate the products into different packages by clicking on the

> :guilabel:`Detailed Operations` icon on the right of each product. A pop up will appear, allowing

Reviewer 2: Just wanted to add some extra  specificity on where the icon is. You marked it in the image below, but I wanted to make it super clear.

Author: Excellent- I agree

can packaging configured on the individual product since packagings are product specific, not
generic.

> Create different packaging for a product

Reviewer 2: I was thinking we could add more sections for readers to jump to on the `On this page` section
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23611711/230510272-bfa5bbcd-2a6c-4314-af49-9a590385123b.png)

Author: Great!

.. tip::
   Packaging is also useful during product procurement at the reception level when used in

>    conjunction with Odoo :guilabel:`Barcode`. When scanning the barcode of the packaging, Odoo

Reviewer 2: What do you think-- should we keep this as just a mention or link a doc about Barcode?

Author: We can do both- mention it AND link to the doc so they can read further- sound good?
